README.md, before:

# Cobblemon - The Jazzening

The main modpack that we'll be using for the Cobblemon server.
Doesn't contain much other than Cobblemon, some add-ons, some furniture mods, and some optimization mods, so feel free to add client-side stuff as you like.

The Prisim/MCPatcher/MultiMC and the Modrinth versions are downloadable up above.
Reach out to me if y'all have issues downloading it :D

**I would recommend everyone to use the Regular [REG] version for general use, but feel free to check the other versions out as well if you'd like.**

I have 3 versions to choose from:

## Minimal

![The logo for the minimal version of the Cobblemon - The Jazzening modpack It is a Pokéball with the jazz design on its top, and a blue flower on the bottom right.](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/7870e41e764e47df0fc5e7c9eb36403cf28c762f.png)

The base mods needed for the pack to connect to the server, as well as optimization mods. A good base, and good for lower-end PCs.

[Modrinth Version](https://github.com/kingpls/Cobblemon-The-Jazzening/raw/refs/heads/main/Modrinth%20Versions%20(.mrpack)/Cobblemon%20-%20The%20Jazzening%20%5BMIN%5D.mrpack)

[Prism Version](https://github.com/kingpls/Cobblemon-The-Jazzening/raw/refs/heads/main/Prism%20Versions%20(.zip)/Cobblemon%20-%20The%20Jazzening%20%5BMIN%5D.zip)

[Curseforge Version](https://github.com/kingpls/Cobblemon-The-Jazzening/raw/refs/heads/main/Curseforge%20Versions%20(.zip)/Cobblemon%20-%20The%20Jazzening%20%5BMIN%5D.zip)

## Regular

![The logo for the regular version of the Cobblemon - The Jazzening modpack It is a Pokéball with the jazz design on its top](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/55815ef8361cb0742de95c7b749362efce0cb73f.png)

The pack I would reccomend for general use, adding on Xaero's Minimap/World Map and some flavour mods. Probably a better base for adding stuff onto, and should perform well on run-of-the-mill PCs.

[Modrinth Version](https://github.com/kingpls/Cobblemon-The-Jazzening/raw/refs/heads/main/Modrinth%20Versions%20(.mrpack)/Cobblemon%20-%20The%20Jazzening%20%5BREG%5D.mrpack)

[Prism Version](https://github.com/kingpls/Cobblemon-The-Jazzening/raw/refs/heads/main/Prism%20Versions%20(.zip)/Cobblemon%20-%20The%20Jazzening%20%5BREG%5D.zip)

[Curseforge Version](https://github.com/kingpls/Cobblemon-The-Jazzening/raw/refs/heads/main/Curseforge%20Versions%20(.zip)/Cobblemon%20-%20The%20Jazzening%20%5BREG%5D.zip)

## Special

![The logo for the special version of the Cobblemon - The Jazzening modpack It is a Pokéball with the jazz design on its top, and a yellow star on the bottom right.](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/d00f5b611afaf388cf160dc125db005b897b335d.png)

The pack with the setup _I_ plan to use on the server. Contains everything the other versions do, with Complementary + Euphoria Tweaks, Distant Horizons, and resource packs I like to use preinstalled. Would recommend using this with a decent PC. **Please allocate 6GB to this pack before use.**

[Modrinth Version](https://github.com/kingpls/Cobblemon-The-Jazzening/raw/refs/heads/main/Modrinth%20Versions%20(.mrpack)/Cobblemon%20-%20The%20Jazzening%20%5BSP%5D.mrpack)

[Prism Version](https://github.com/kingpls/Cobblemon-The-Jazzening/raw/refs/heads/main/Prism%20Versions%20(.zip)/Cobblemon%20-%20The%20Jazzening%20%5BSP%5D.zip)

[Curseforge Version](https://github.com/kingpls/Cobblemon-The-Jazzening/raw/refs/heads/main/Curseforge%20Versions%20(.zip)/Cobblemon%20-%20The%20Jazzening%20%5BSP%5D.zip)

---

If any issues arise, please let me know on Discord, or send in an issue here. Many thanks.

Commit message:

Updated the modpacks to add Better Combat, SimplySwords, Immersive Paintings/Melodies, and Carry On.

README.md, after:

# Cobblemon - The Jazzening

The main modpack that we'll be using for the Cobblemon server.
Doesn't contain much other than Cobblemon, some add-ons, some furniture mods, and some optimization mods, so feel free to add client-side stuff as you like.

The Prisim/MCPatcher/MultiMC, Modrinth, and Curseforge versions are downloadable up above.
Reach out to me if y'all have issues downloading it :D

**I would recommend everyone to use the Regular [REG] version, but feel free to check the other versions out as well if you'd like.**

## Regular [REG]

![The logo for the regular version of the Cobblemon - The Jazzening modpack It is a Pokéball with the jazz design on its top](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/55815ef8361cb0742de95c7b749362efce0cb73f.png)

The pack I would reccomend for general use. Should perform well on most PCs.

[Modrinth Version](<https://github.com/kingpls/Cobblemon-The-Jazzening/raw/refs/heads/main/Modrinth%20Versions%20(.mrpack)/Cobblemon%20-%20The%20Jazzening%20%5BREG%5D.mrpack>)

[Prism Version](<https://github.com/kingpls/Cobblemon-The-Jazzening/raw/refs/heads/main/Prism%20Versions%20(.zip)/Cobblemon%20-%20The%20Jazzening%20%5BREG%5D.zip>)

[Curseforge Version](<https://github.com/kingpls/Cobblemon-The-Jazzening/raw/refs/heads/main/Curseforge%20Versions%20(.zip)/Cobblemon%20-%20The%20Jazzening%20%5BREG%5D.zip>)

---

**I do not recommending using the following modpacks unless you know what you're doing.**

## Minimal [MIN]

![The logo for the minimal version of the Cobblemon - The Jazzening modpack It is a Pokéball with the jazz design on its top, and a blue flower on the bottom right.](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/7870e41e764e47df0fc5e7c9eb36403cf28c762f.png)

The base mods needed for the pack to connect to the server, as well as optimization mods. Would only recommend this if your PC cannot handle the REG version.

[Modrinth Version](<https://github.com/kingpls/Cobblemon-The-Jazzening/raw/refs/heads/main/Modrinth%20Versions%20(.mrpack)/Cobblemon%20-%20The%20Jazzening%20%5BMIN%5D.mrpack>)

[Prism Version](<https://github.com/kingpls/Cobblemon-The-Jazzening/raw/refs/heads/main/Prism%20Versions%20(.zip)/Cobblemon%20-%20The%20Jazzening%20%5BMIN%5D.zip>)

[Curseforge Version](<https://github.com/kingpls/Cobblemon-The-Jazzening/raw/refs/heads/main/Curseforge%20Versions%20(.zip)/Cobblemon%20-%20The%20Jazzening%20%5BMIN%5D.zip>)

## Special [SP]

![The logo for the special version of the Cobblemon - The Jazzening modpack It is a Pokéball with the jazz design on its top, and a yellow star on the bottom right.](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/d00f5b611afaf388cf160dc125db005b897b335d.png)

The instance _I_ use on the server. Contains **everything I use on my instance of the pack, including texture packs, shaders, and debugging mods**. This version of the pack is **UNOPTIMIZED FOR THE GENERAL USER**, and I don't recommend using this unless you're okay with cleaning it up for personal use. I would recommend only using this with a good PC, **and if you know what you are doing**. **Please allocate 6GB to this pack before use.**

[Modrinth Version](<https://github.com/kingpls/Cobblemon-The-Jazzening/raw/refs/heads/main/Modrinth%20Versions%20(.mrpack)/Cobblemon%20-%20The%20Jazzening%20%5BSP%5D.mrpack>)

[Prism Version](<https://github.com/kingpls/Cobblemon-The-Jazzening/raw/refs/heads/main/Prism%20Versions%20(.zip)/Cobblemon%20-%20The%20Jazzening%20%5BSP%5D.zip>)

[Curseforge Version](<https://github.com/kingpls/Cobblemon-The-Jazzening/raw/refs/heads/main/Curseforge%20Versions%20(.zip)/Cobblemon%20-%20The%20Jazzening%20%5BSP%5D.zip>)

---

If any issues arise, please let me know on Discord, or send in an issue here. Many thanks.
